The thing that I think is most important to lead by example on is following
instructions correctly. So there are many, many opportunities
toe kind of cheese things off, uh, to say, for instance, like there
should be a nut that should be taken off off the off the top mast. And
for some reason like that wasn't taken off or or something was left
up there without a question. You know, some people going to say,
Well, you know it like next time we're up there or you know what, No
one's gonna miss it. That is absolutely unacceptable. Um, every single
time, you have to know that. You know, if you're coming to me as
a chief, should I blah, blah, blah or you're gonna say, like we think
that it might be good to blah blah blah, you know automatically is
shot down because there's never any question whether it should or
shouldn't be. It's written in black and white, and whatever instruction
says, that's what you should do now, of course, uh, in specific
occasions, there are way that there are opportunities when you have
a choice. Like, um, I can't think of a situation now But, uh, that's
kind of not black and white, but for the most part, for jobs, Um, I
try to lead by example by always following instructions and especially
pulling out construction, reading directly from what it says and
then doing it.